Intro project for HTML/CSS<br><br>
This is a simple (very simple) recreation of the HTML and CSS that make up the google homepage. Although the page doesn't actually do anything, creating it was still a really good way to begin working with element positioning in HTML/CSS. There's obviously still a lot to learn, especially when it comes to designing dynamic webpages, but getting the page to really look like google still presented a couple good (beginner) challenges. Namely, positioning the little search and microphone icons inside the search box, and fixing the footer to the bottom of the page. Everything else was relatively simple, but despite the underlying simplicity (fussing with margins/padding etc.) I could definitely see room for creativity with the use of selectors/nesting to produce an easier to read stylesheet and one that gets the same job done with less actual code. All in all it was a solid intro to HTML/CSS.<br><br> 

Recreation of a google search results page.<br>
In comparison with the Google homepage, building this webpage was definitely a much bigger project and a nice way to expand upon what I learned creating the homepage. A lot of it was just reshaping the code to fit it into a much busier webpage, and since we were ignoring all of the drop down menus and other functionalities I wanted to try and do something new. So I decided to recreate the app logo (3x3 dots) for the top right of the navbar by hard coding it instead of just getting an image. I made it into a clickable link where the dots light up when as you are hovering over the button. I'm not sure if hard coding like that is something you would try and avoid doing normally, but it was definitely a fun little excersise and it turned out pretty good as well.